all right so you've seen the unboxing
now it's time for the breakdown what is
using the Apple Vision Pro actually
like this is easily one of Apple's
craziest most radical possibly dystopian
products of all time and I have a lot of
thoughts here like I've been using it
for about a week now there are some
parts of this thing that are absolutely
incredible and some other parts that
feel weird or borderline unfinished
there are all kinds of new technologies
from a new operating system to infrared
eye tracking to virtually reconstructed
versions of you I feel like there are so
many actually new things that you have
to understand in order to get a sense of
what this headset actually is and what
it does so I'm going to break this down
into two parts this video is all about
using the Vision Pro it's everything
I've learned from the past week of
wearing and getting used to this thing
every single day but I'm also working on
a more wide ranging possibly more
existential review video but let's just
start with the more Hardware
fundamentals right like what is this
thing that I'm holding literally Apple
Vision Pro at its core well it is a VR
headset now Apple would never say that
and they probably won't like that I'm
saying that word you know I made an
entire video about why they refuse to
use those words and they're calling it
spatial Computing instead we'll get
there but the truth is it's a really
really really high-end virtual reality
headset it's it's something we've seen
before right it's got displays and
lenses and speakers and fans and buttons
and this is a form factor this is a
thing that we have seen before but
before I even turn this thing on there
are clearly several things that are a
little different about this one so first
of all it's made of metal lots of metal
and glass here which are high quality
but heavy materials Rel ly speaking so
there's this precisely machined aluminum
frame around the outside and yes those
are intakes for fans at the bottom and
then vents for those fans at the top on
the right side there's your digital
crown that can be pressed in or turned
and then on the other side is just this
single larger button so kind of
basically the same two buttons as an
Apple Watch and then when you get a
little further back on this band here
these little pods with downward facing
grills these are speakers which are
pointed straight at your ears and work
surprisingly well though of course it
also means that people around you can
hear a little bit of what you're hearing
there's a little bit of bleed and I have
a lot to say about spatial audio so stay
tuned for that but the main event is at
the front there's an enormous piece of
glass which yes is very easy to
fingerprint and smudge and then behind
that thing there's this outward facing
OLED display and a bunch of sensors all
the way around outside facing sensors
that go forward sideways and straight
down there's depth sensors infrared
illuminators light hi R scanners and
just regular old RGB cameras all being
processed by an M2 Chip and an R1 chip
inside this thing and then maybe the
craziest part inside the headset there
are a bunch more sensors facing your
eyes tracking your eyes in real time for
all the eye control and everything that
comes with that and also then to display
a representation of your eyes on the
outside of the
headset kind of we get there but overall
when you put it all together you get a
very well-made very high-end but also
pretty heavy computer to wear on your
face uh so officially this this headset
with this solo knit band when I weighed
it showed up as 638 G which some of you
on Twitter have already pointed out is
actually slightly less than the plastic
meta Quest Pro but that Quest Pro also
has a lot of battery on the back of your
head as a sort of a counterbalance so
the weight distribution is very
different also the quest Pro is not that
comfortable anyway but the point is this
for Apple made the choice of taking the
battery off of the headset which means
okay now there's nothing on the back of
your head so you can wear it and lean up
against things and that might be an
upside but that also now means you have
to deal with this cable all the time
running up to your head and the fact
that it's very front weighted now all of
the weight is on the front of your face
so this is the battery uh as you saw in
the unboxing if you haven't already seen
the unboxing that just went up I'll link
it below the like button but this
battery is a surprisingly small
3,366 Mah I say surprisingly small
because a normal battery Bank of this
size you might expect to be 10 15 20,000
Mah hours I suspect there's a lot of uh
heat insulation happening here but it
comes with a non- removable 4ft cable
and a proprietary connector at the end
of the cable that will twist and lock to
the headset and so the lock is really
solid it makes sense that it's not just
straight USB that could get disconnected
easily once you connect it it starts
glowing and then it starts booting up
and there's even a little Apple logo
that displays on the outside screen
while it takes you know a little under a
minute to turn on so there is no on or
off button or switch anywhere on this
headset maybe kind of like airpods Max
or something like that so if you ever
take the headset off and put it down it
will enter a standby mode after some
time but it won't turn off if you want
to turn it off you literally have to
twist and unplug the cable that's the
only way to actually turn the headset
off now famously already the battery
life with this included battery is not
super long on this headset 2 to 4 hours
is actually realistic for what you can
expect for just like this built-in
battery but that's also kind of right in
line with a lot of other VR headsets
battery life on VR headsets is not that
great in general if you do want to use
it longer the only way to do that is
there's a USBC port on the battery and
you have to plug the battery in so you
can plug the battery into the wall for
infinite battery life or I guess you
could plug it into like a you could
daisy chain another battery into the
other pocket or something for even
longer life but yeah 2 to 4 hours now at
first it seemed weird to me that the
port is on the same side of the battery
as the non- removable cable but I think
it's because they just want you to
default to putting this battery like in
your pocket probably in your back pocket
so even if it's plugged into the wall it
can still be in your back pocket you're
just going to want to get a longer USBC
cable so there are no controllers that
come with this headset now it does
support other input methods that are
like game controller and mouse and
keyboard and those can be incredibly
useful but by default the primary input
method for everyone using the Vision Pro
is your eyes and your hands so the first
time you put on this headset it goes
through this calibration process and
it's pretty interesting so the first
time you ever put it on it first adjusts
the distance between the lenses
physically moving them inside the
headset to match the distance between
your eyes then it does a sort of a hand
scan so it understands your hands and
then you go through this process of
basically looking at a bunch of dots all
the way around the screen and then
tapping your fingers together to select
them kind of feels like an eye test or
something and then you're in so first
thing you're going to notice is you can
actually kind of put your hands anywhere
as long as the headset can see this just
your fingers touching together so
there's a lot of pictures of of people
like using a headset with their fingers
like out in front of them pinching like
that but you actually don't have to do
that it's such a wide angle because of
the sensors facing forward and sideways
and down you can kind of just rest your
hand anywhere in front of you in your
lap as long as you pinch like that it
can generally pick it up which is
impressive so you're pinching to control
anywhere in that 180 bubble in front of
you and then the digital Crown you hit
that once and the app drawer comes up
pretty simple doesn't seem that
impressive but this is actually a peek
at the first really impressive thing
about this headset to me which is it
seems to have incredible spatial
positioning lock and like it's really
hard to show like have you appreciate
this through a YouTube video reviewing
VR headsets is hard but like turn around
in the room you're in and like picture a
a wall or a window just appearing locked
in place in 3D space in your room and no
matter how much you move your head or
move around it stays exactly kind of
floating where it's supposed to be but
when I say floating I think you're
picturing like a a soft float but it's
locked and that's how it starts so now
you're in Apple's new vision OS I would
describe this as kind of similar to iPad
OS but way more glassy and like of
course with the extra dimension of 3D
space so hitting a digital Crown will
always get the app drawer back in front
of you and then simply look at the icon
you want and pinch your fingers together
to select it and open that app scrolling
is basically as you'd expect you just
kind of pinch and grab in the air and
then pull as if it's on a string and
physics let you pull things through the
air it's pretty intuitive it's resp
responsive it's fluid sometimes it's
kind of bouncy even I would say the
biggest adjustment is only being able to
control exactly what you're looking at
and I don't think people realize how
often they're controlling things that
they're not exactly looking directly at
with other computers and other uis but
with this you can look at the button to
select it and if you look at the next
thing you're going to do you're no
longer controlling the button you have
to look exactly where you're trying to
interact with things takes a few extra
brain Cycles to remember to always is be
looking exactly at the thing you're
controlling so when you open a window of
a vision OS app like any one of the
default Apple apps here it locks into
place it's floating there it kind of
looks again like an iPad app but very
glassy like this frosted glass around
the UI sort of lets you see through a
little bit to the color behind it and it
even sometimes casts a shadow on the
ground in the correct zspace so it
really solidifies that it's floating in
front of you all of this makes it feel
like the window is in the space around
you then if you look at the bottom of
the window you get a little bar you can
always just look at that bar and pinch
to drag it around so drag it Forward
backward anywhere you want in XY and Z
space and then let go and it just stays
absolutely locked and then you can look
at either bottom corner to resize to
make it bigger or smaller and then
finally there's a little X at the bottom
you select that that closes it so that
is the basics of vision OS and just
using an app now this entire time by
default and almost anytime they can pass
through is on which means you have the
headset on but you can see with the
cameras right through to everything
around you and I think this is where
Apple really wants to normalize the term
spatial Computing because it feels like
augmented reality it feels like you're
always able to see the space around you
but technically it's not actually AR
because you are still looking at a
reconstructed version through a camera
feed of the world around you instead of
the actual world around you but maybe
it's all just mantics I will say this is
the best pass through of any VR headset
I have ever used and it's not even that
close now again it's it's so hard to get
this through a YouTube video I I it does
have screen recording built in so I'm
going to try to use that but imagine
putting a headset on and not really
feeling like you're looking at a screen
with the real world because of the pixel
density because of the 90 HZ refresh
rate and because of the impressive
dynamic range of the cameras and the
correctly adjusting shutter speed you
you just almost don't you almost just
feel like you're looking at the real
world not through a headset also the
pass through is so close to real time
that I could legitimately interact with
all kinds of things I could catch items
flying at me I even tried playing
pingpong it was easy no hesitation so
officially the R1 chip is doing all the
processing of all this stuff and
adjusting the shutter speed for
different lighting conditions and always
keeping pass through latency Under 12
milliseconds which is the lowest in the
industry but it's it's really combining
that with how close to reality the
colors and brightness and everything are
that keeps it feeling kind of real
basically the only noticeable
restriction is super close-up items and
objects can get a bit blurry and then
you can't quite make out like really
small or fine text so you can't like
read an email or tiny text on your phone
in your hand but you can absolutely text
people or read your notifications while
keeping the headset on if you've tried
other VR headsets you know how
impressive that is it's just it's really
good with the tech that exists now for
VR headsets uh but you can definitely
still take the headset off and be like
oh it's way brighter in here than I
thought it was either way that's all
pass through but if you ever want to
fully immerse yourself I mean it is a VR
headset after all all you got to do is
uh rotate this digital Crown clockwise
just keep turning it and it will slowly
dial your environment more and more into
your field of view until you dial it all
the way up to fully surrounding you so
all of the Windows you might have had
open will still stay stuck where they
were but everything you're doing is just
on the moon now so yeah there's a couple
environments Apple has built in here
most of them relaxing Scenic locations
like in California somewhere or one
really nice one is Mount Hood with a
little bit of rainf falling they're not
quite photorealistic but they're just
short of photorealistic like they're the
most realistic digital environments that
I've seen so then the last two big
quirks of the UI control center so the
only way to get to control center is to
look up like and you can't just look up
but you have to physically turn your
head up and look at this arrow that
appears above you so once you see that
you select that and then you get your
control center for things like you know
battery life and notifications Focus
modes and screen recording and pairing
to a Mac but the other big Quirk is text
input so you might be wondering how does
text input work with no physical
controllers uh so there's basically
three ways to do this so let's say
you're in Safari and you want to go to
MKBHD
docomond hoodies for the rest of winter
great how do you do it so the first way
is to literally hunt and Peck poking the
keys on the keyboard that appears in the
air in front of you so this one is tough
because it literally only reacts to your
pointer finger on each hand so you
actually can't type fast like with home
row or anything like that not great the
second way though I think is actually
kind of good it's at least faster which
is looking at the key you want to
interact with and then pinching to
select it so just looking at looking
around the keyboard like this and
selecting the keys and you might be
surprised how fast you can type like
this if you actually know your way
around a keyboard pretty well I actually
prefer this to poking the virtual keys
because I at least get a little bit of
haptic feedback from my own fingers
tapping together but then in Safari the
last way to do it is literally to just
look up at the microphone and say the
URL out loud mkb.com and then it just
hears you and goes to the site pretty
quick if it's a URL that you know you
can actually say out loud so what can
you actually do with this thing like now
that we know what it is it's the M2 Chip
a computer on your face with the
displays and the lenses inside and all
sorts of sensors everywhere what can
this thing actually do and I feel like
the most common way to phrase that is
what is the killer app because that's we
feel like we need some sort of
justification to spend $3 $4,000 on this
thing like applications made the iPhone
what it is as we know it like apps made
the iPad so what is the app situation on
the Vision
Pro so there are two types of apps on
the Vision Pro actually the first is
apps that are built specifically for the
Vision Pro to take advantage of its
awesome experiences and there are a few
of those right now and then there are
all the other apps which basically are
iPhone and iPad apps that happen to be
comp compatible because the developer
didn't opt out and the first kind is way
cooler so these are Apple's stock apps
here that come with the Vision Pro and
so these are all of course made just for
Vision Pro so they're going to have
stuff that takes full advantage of what
this thing is capable of Apple music is
a pretty classic one like it has all the
same functionality of any other Apple
music app but in this super glassy
frosted window and shows the colors of
whatever's behind it and you have the
sort sort of sorting menu on the left
hand side instead of across the bottom
that's the basic layout same thing with
the notes app and the settings app very
glassy almost looking like an iPad app
in the air just rebuilt with this new
material design and then there's the
media apps so Apple TV and Disney plus
they both come pre-installed which they
have built entire environments inside of
them for watching media and there's even
a small collection of videos on the
Apple TV app that are shot on a new
proprietary format specifically for
Vision Pro so it it drops you into a
space with a full 180 video and Alicia
Keys walks right up to you and starts
singing right to your face it's crazy
there's also the photos app which will
let you look at like panoramic photos
for example in this fully immersive view
so you can blow them up to full screen
and then it gives you a bit of a
parallax effect around the edges so it
feels like you're like looking into a
window of your own photo and looking
around it's kind of incredible and then
there's also some other really fun third
party apps that I've tried that were
built ahead of time so sky guide this is
a good one you can look around a real
representation of the sky around you or
any of the you know constellations would
normally be you can look at it a little
longer and it'll pop it out you can pull
it out of the sky to get more
information about it it's a pretty great
idea there's another one called jigspace
which is it's a sick app I don't know if
I'd ever use it but basically it lets
you load 3D models into the space you're
in and mess around with them take them
apart view them in actual ual size and
this really takes advantage of how good
the placement lock is on the Vision Pro
and you know you can walk around and
really gets you a better understanding
of the scale of things that you don't
get to see up close very often and then
keynote is another funny one so you can
of course go through and edit a keynote
just like normal if you want to but then
they've built this whole environment for
practicing your presentation skills so
you press that and it says oh would you
like to go to a conference room or the
literal Steve Jobs theater so you can
rehear
talking to your audience with your
keynote slides behind you it is
genuinely incredibly immersive and
there's already a bunch more apps like
this in the app store already at launch
that are specifically built for Vision
Pro so they'll take advantage of its
various strengths now are any of these a
killer
app not really I mean I don't if you're
if you're looking for any one of these
to be the reason why you spend like
$4,000 on this headset I don't think we
have that yet but then at least there's
all the other
non-native but technically still
compatible apps that are in the App
Store and these are going to look just
like iPhone and iPad apps actually
there's a pre-installed folder on the
home screen when you get this thing
literally called compatible apps and
there's a bunch of them from Apple here
they look exactly like iPad apps I'm
surprised actually that more of them
aren't fully built out to take advantage
of Vision Pro but like Apple Maps is
just the iPad app and so it would be
cool if there were some like fun
augmented reality overlay walking
directions type stuff but nope it's all
the exact same functionality that you
would find if you open this app on your
iPad and you can go to the App Store and
search a bunch of the names of apps you
already know and love and find them by
name and grab them and they'll work the
exact same way crazy enough though there
are already some notable exceptions uh
no Netflix app for The Vision Pro no
YouTube app for The Vision Pro no
Spotify app for The Vision Pro Apple has
a kind of a contentious relationship
with a lot of developers right now
especially some of the bigger ones um
and so some have made the active choice
to opt out they're like we don't want to
be there this won't be a big enough
platform to matter to us to justify the
work so they're not there now I totally
get it but also now as a Vision Pro
owner and someone who's using it I'm
like oh it's kind of a bummer I really
wanted to be able to watch like a
Netflix show offline downloaded ahead of
time but you can't do that now but at
least at least for now for the record
you can use the browser and anything
that would work in the browser so if you
pull up Safari and you get a full screen
4K YouTube video going and locked in
space or even in an environment it looks
great it's razor sharp like I could
totally watch YouTube videos like this
but you will definitely be missing like
the features of having the dedicated app
like offline video honestly to me the
killer app of the Vision Pro isn't just
an app it's actually the ecosystem and
we knew this was coming but the second
you log into a Vision Pro with your
Apple ID immediately it starts pulling
all the services and all the stuff that
you're used to from all the other Apple
devices you already have and I said this
before the Vision Pro is announced I was
like this is the most obvious strategy
for Apple because there are lots of
people out there who have never
considered buying a VR headset that are
considering only this one because they
have an iPhone and this is the one that
works with the iPhone and none of the
others are particularly close so all
your iMessages are already here all of
your photos are already here and loaded
up and backed up all your notes are
already at your fingertips you already
saw the keynote app but okay easily my
favorite feature is connecting to your
Mac right so anytime your Mac is in
front of you and it's turned on hit that
arrow and then there's this little icon
to become my Mac's virtual display so I
click that and then pick my Mac and it
pretty much instantly it actually blacks
out the display of my Mac and then turns
that display into a 4K window inside of
the headset so now my keyboard and
trackpad still work even if it is a
desktop the keyboard and the trackpad
still control everything and you can
continue using it just like a normal
computer but with the ability to make
your new 4k monitor as big or as small
or close or far away as you want which
is super sick and then the bonus is you
can still open up and place other Vision
Pro apps around your Mac computer so
like you can have your Mac in in the
middle here maybe you're editing or
doing some work on the Mac App and then
you have a safari window or or messages
or whatever else you want right next to
it around it and then your keyboard and
trackpad can move seamlessly between
them all to control all of them this to
me as a Mac User the ease of use for
setup to make this happen this feels
like the biggest game changer like the
most compelling futuristic feeling use
of this headset to me especially on a
plane oh my God I can't tell you how
many times I've had an awkward
conversation because like I'm editing a
video on the plane the person next to me
sees I'm editing a video of myself and
it's kind of weird and hard to explain
but I'm picturing putting the headset on
the display blacks out but now I can do
all the editing I want and I can make
the screen as big as I want so I've
really enjoyed using that feature again
the biggest challenge though is still
remembering to look exactly at the thing
you want to control so aside from typing
on the real keyboard on whatever windows
open if you want to control something
you have to be looking at it again it
doesn't sound like a big deal but when
you try it you'll see what I mean and
then also odd limitation one monitor
only from the Mac one virtual monitor
only at a time so if you usually run
like a dual display setup like I do for
Final Cut Pro big preview on one side
timeline on the other side you can't do
that you have to use the big one monitor
version of your setup all right so you
might have realized I've left one thing
out this whole time one thing you could
call it one more thing sure it's one
more huge crazy thing but it's kind of
the defining characteristic of this
product and that is personas so in all
the advertising you've seen a Vision Pro
there's these eyes on the outside of the
headset that looks like they're kind of
in like a pass through like in a dark
astronaut helmet type of thing easily
the most memed most unique aspect of
this headset right it's the only headset
with an outward display and I mean it's
very very prominent in those videos but
in real life as you've started to see
from some of my footage it is very
different and I think I figured out why
so first of all it's not actually
see-through right there's a whole bunch
of computer in between me and you right
now so the eyes aren't on the outside
it's a representation of my eyes based
on what all the sensors on the inside
are seeing it's reconstructing it on the
outside so Those sensors are track at 90
frames per second and they give you
optic ID which is it's how you log into
the headset and keep things secure it's
basically the same as face ID or touch
ID it's just looking at and identifying
your eyes and it also Powers the One
beta feature of this headset which is
personas which is it's the most
impressive and weirdest thing about this
headset at the same time I'm calling it
right now so the purpose of the eyes on
the outside is really not for you the
wearer of the headset in fact you'll
never see it but it's for the people
around you so when you're in a pass
through mode your eyes will shine
through to indicate that you wearing the
headset can see the person outside so
that right there is already pretty
unique but then when you're in something
immersive and you can't see what's
around you it covers up your eyes with
this sort of like a blue purple glowing
animation so that intuitively makes
sense you can see the eyes when they can
see you you can't see the eyes when they
can't see you but crazily enough there's
also a feature where if you have someone
who's outside the headset looking at you
talking to you and you are in an
immersion but you want to talk to them
through that they will kind of appear
through the fog of whatever immersive
environment you're in so you just start
talking and looking in their Direction
it detects that and sort of Parts a
little bit of a fog and that person's
eyes will show through the fog it's
pretty decent it it basically only shows
one person at a time and when this is
happening on the outside of the headset
it shows a little bit of your eyes
poking through the purple and blue glow
it's as you can see it's it's all
working but also I think it looks
nothing like the eyes from the ad so in
an effort to make the the eyes as
presentable as possible two things first
of all this screen is actually behind a
lenticular film uh which I didn't even
realize that from the initial media
they've published but if you've ever
heard of that it's sort of what gives it
like this 3D depth you might have seen
this on other like holographic displays
and stuff but the point of that is to
make the eyes appear to be sunken into
the display like on your actual face
instead of like glued to the front of
the headset which would look a little
more weird but then two to represent
your actual eyes they've built in a way
to scan in and create a digital
representation of your face which is
called your persona and it looks like
this so to get those eyes on the outside
of the Vision Pro headset you have to do
something called registering your
persona this is how it creates the
digital version of you that includes
your eyes that will show up here so
let's do that now it's actually kind of
a cool process so I'm going to put it on
and hopefully the screen recording works
so you can see exactly what I'm doing I
hit the digital Crown I'm going to go to
settings and you can do this when you
first set it up but I'm going to
Persona and I'm going to hit get started
so let's refine my hands real quick
captures this is capturing detail from
the front of the headset of the hands in
front of
me once it's done with that remove
Vision it's going to ask me to take it
off so this when you're ready hold Apple
Vision Pro at eye
level keep your arms and shoulders
relaxed align your entire face within
the frame my face shows up like face ID
slowly turn your head to the right
now slowly turn your head to the
left now tilt your head
up then tilt your head
down next let's capture your facial
expressions smile with your mouth
closed then make a big smile with your
teeth
showing now raise your eyebrows
Close Your Eyes For a
Moment capture
complete put Vision Pro back on to
continue I will do that so now I have a
menu that says creating
Persona and it says it's in beta and now
there's there's my Persona right there
kind of
uncanny the hair is a little bit
different but the
face wow wow okay so there's different
lighting you can choose it to always be
in studio lighting and always be in
Contour lighting I'll just leave it at
natural and hit next you can change the
color temperature of your skin tone cool
to warm I think I'm around there
brightness
Darkness I think I'm around there near
the middle
next and then I can add glasses so if I
typically have glasses which obviously I
wouldn't be able to wear in the Vision
Pro you can still look like you have
glasses anytime you're on that FaceTime
call and then
next uh safe and that's
it so I think
now you should see my
eyes
maybe and that that's the thing
it barely shows up you can barely see my
eyes when I'm wearing the headset now
I've tried a couple other scans
subsequently so I've tried different
lighting conditions I've tried different
backgrounds simple backgrounds tried
different shirts and things like that it
doesn't really ever appear any brighter
I think if you have a darker skin tone
like me just don't expect the eyes to
show up very brightly on the outside of
the headset it's pretty subtle even when
it does show
up it's a little weird looking the eyes
are a little too far apart some
sometimes times they're a little dim you
see like one eye at a time it's it's
kind of weird but that Persona
though that is some pretty interesting
stuff it's crazy that this is actually a
real thing being shipped like first meta
started doing it now Apple's doing this
this is again is technically in beta so
I don't know there's room for
improvement but it still works but as of
right now I feel like this is both
incredibly impressive and slightly
unsettling like it's it's very
impressive that this thing this headset
I'm wearing on my face is tracking every
all these little micro expressions and
little movements for my eyes and my
cheeks and my mouth and everything but
at the same time it's just quite not
quite human it's right at the edge of
the uncanny valley of I'm not looking at
a person
so yeah but the crazy part is you can
now use this persona
as your camera feed for any apps in
Vision Pro that require a front-facing
camera like FaceTime and so I've tried
I've been using FaceTime a few times in
The Vision Pro and it is technically
speaking incredible so I've made a few
FaceTime calls in the past few days with
some fellow reviewers who you'll
probably recognize from their personas
who are also testing the Vision Pro and
universally once we all got past the
shock of oh my got it's it's you it
looks like a digital version of you this
is crazy I've never seen anything like
this before once we got past that there
is a ton happening here so you can see
the FaceTime Windows literally appear as
just that they're just like glassy
Windows floating in space with people
looking through them and then the angle
that you look into the window is going
to match the angle that they see you
looking at them meaning if we're all
envision Pros on this call unlikely but
hear me out if we're all envision Pros
uh and you've got a bunch of people on
this FaceTime call so there's somebody
to the left and somebody to the right if
I look to the person and make eye
contact with the person to the right the
person to the left sees like the side of
my head because I'm looking at somebody
else that's already pretty cool and then
the same thing is true for hand gestures
so we try this out turns out you can
reach out and make hand gestures that
are tracked by the cameras in this
bubble in front of you and they show up
at the correct angle towards the person
that you're gesturing at so not towards
everybody else on the call oh wait wa
wait okay good test so wait Justine do
you see this yes and I don't see that I
don't see that Marquez now wait so now
Brian do you see this now I can see that
Marquez and then on top of that spatial
audio here is incredibly welldeveloped
so again you're on the call the voice of
the person to the right comes from the
right side the voice of the person to
the left comes from the left but also
you can just pick up and move the window
around and that Ang will match where the
people are in the room and where their
sound and video comes from if I put you
on the other side of the room it sounds
like they're further away and if I turn
up the environment and bring them into
like the moon or some other 3D space it
actually sounds much more like I'm in a
gigantic space with no Echo versus in
the actual room it's all very subtle but
very well considered so once you're in
this a while you start to notice all
these these little smaller things again
it's not quite humanlike it's not like
looking at a video feat of a human
face but it is still like it has a lot
of like this would be the best Avatar
anyone's ever made in 2K like no one's
ever done a 2K face scan and had it look
this good but it's still not as good as
like a perfect reality it's a you've
heard The Uncanny Valley thing before I
think the number one weakness for the
avatars or the personas that I've seen
is hair so basically everyone I've
talked to has like a Frozen lump of hair
instead of flowing realistic hair and
that's true about all flowing things
like however your hair was when you did
the scan it's frozen that way and so is
any necklace you're wearing whether it's
crooked or not or I guess technically
also any makeup you had on or however
you looked when you did the scan maybe
that could be a good thing maybe you did
a scan when you were looking all doled
up and then you get on a 7: a.m. call
and you still look perfect even though
you look like you just woke up in real
life so I guess I guess there's that too
but anyway all that is to say FaceTime
FaceTime is the most well con wellth
thought out like most
futuristic Vision Pro experience it just
is so I'll end this video with this now
you know what it's like to use and
operate the Vision Pro but there's still
a lot more to consider when actually
considering if you should buy and own
this thing from the use cases to the
things that work well and don't work
well the philosophy behind it the prices
all of that stuff that's what's going to
be for my full review like there are
parts of this thing that are absolutely
amazing unparalleled best I've ever seen
but the reason it's so interesting is
because it's actually a young category
like we're so used to this slow boring
iteration in mature categories like
smartphones and laptops and you always
see the comments talking about how Tech
is so boring but now they're actually
jumping into something risky and it's
actually fun and there is downfalls and
flaws and it's fun to actually weigh the
pros and cons so I'll be expanding on
all these way more in the full review
but I'll leave you with this I've got my
upsides and downsides to Vision Pro it's
been a week upsides some of the stuff
that's the best I've ever seen in a
headset immersion placement in space ey
tracking and hand control pass through
ecosystem and spatial audio and the
downsides weight and comfort the eyes on
the outside app selection right now
battery life and price so the full
reviews and The Works definitely get
subscribed to be among the first to see
that when it drops either way till the
next one thanks for watching catch you
later peace
[Music]
[Applause]